README.md, before:

<div align="center">
  <img src="resources/code-annotation.png" alt="Code Annotation Logo" height="100"> <h1>Code Annotation</h1>
</div>

Create and track annotations from your source code without actually committing comments on your code.

![](https://github.com/thamara/vscode-code-annotation/blob/main/demo/Code%20Annotation.png)

The "Code Annotation" can be found in the Activity pane.

## Features

- Create an annotation from the source code, selecting the portion of code, right-clicking and adding a note
- Keybinds for creating a new note from selection (`Ctrl/Cmd + alt + n)`, or without selection, aka Plain note (`Ctrl/Cmd + alt + p`)
- Track annotations on its own pane
- Check/Uncheck items as you complete them
- Generate a report in Markdown with a summary of the pending and completed items

# Feedback and feature requests

Feel free to open [issues](https://github.com/thamara/vscode-code-annotation/issues) and suggest [new features](https://github.com/thamara/vscode-code-annotation/projects/1) for the extension.


# Installing

## Using a VSIX file
Download the [VSIX file](https://github.com/thamara/vscode-code-annotation/blob/master/code-annotation-0.0.1.vsix) and follow the steps on your VSCode:

1. Go to the "Extensions" pane
2. Click on the ... on the top right of the "Extensions" pane
3. Select "Install from VSIX"
4. Select the VSIX file you downloaded and click install

# Development

- For the development you'll need to use VSCode
- Install Node/Npm
- After forking/cloning the repository, run:
```
npm install
npm run compile
```
- And to run/test the extension, go the the Run pane and hit the green button on `Run Extension`. This will open a new VSCode window with the extension enabled.

## Creating a VSIX file for instalation

- "Compile" the extension as usual
  - `npm install`
- Install vsce
  - `npm install -g vsce`
- Create the VSIX file
  - `vsce package`

Commit message:

Adding link to install from the VS marketplace

README.md, after:

<div align="center">
  <img src="resources/code-annotation.png" alt="Code Annotation Logo" height="100"> <h1>Code Annotation</h1>
</div>

Create and track annotations from your source code without actually committing comments on your code.

![](https://github.com/thamara/vscode-code-annotation/blob/main/demo/Code%20Annotation.png)

The "Code Annotation" can be found in the Activity pane.

## Features

- Create an annotation from the source code, selecting the portion of code, right-clicking and adding a note
- Keybinds for creating a new note from selection (`Ctrl/Cmd + alt + n)`, or without selection, aka Plain note (`Ctrl/Cmd + alt + p`)
- Track annotations on its own pane
- Check/Uncheck items as you complete them
- Generate a report in Markdown with a summary of the pending and completed items

# Feedback and feature requests

Feel free to open [issues](https://github.com/thamara/vscode-code-annotation/issues) and suggest [new features](https://github.com/thamara/vscode-code-annotation/projects/1) for the extension.


# Installing

You can install the latest version of the extension via the Visual Studio Marketplace [here](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=tkcandrade.code-annotation).

## Using a VSIX file
Download the [VSIX file](https://github.com/thamara/vscode-code-annotation/blob/master/code-annotation-0.0.1.vsix) and follow the steps on your VSCode:

1. Go to the "Extensions" pane
2. Click on the ... on the top right of the "Extensions" pane
3. Select "Install from VSIX"
4. Select the VSIX file you downloaded and click install

# Development

- For the development you'll need to use VSCode
- Install Node/Npm
- After forking/cloning the repository, run:
```
npm install
npm run compile
```
- And to run/test the extension, go the the Run pane and hit the green button on `Run Extension`. This will open a new VSCode window with the extension enabled.

## Creating a VSIX file for instalation

- "Compile" the extension as usual
  - `npm install`
- Install vsce
  - `npm install -g vsce`
- Create the VSIX file
  - `vsce package`
